Looking at the next category of machine learning,
unsupervised learning creates models for
data when there are no preexisting labels to train on.
So, in a sense,
it can be called unsupervised.
It turns out that the applications for these techniques are pretty vast,
from reducing a dataset to a fewer number of useful features,
to grouping similar items,
to building music recommendation systems.
The final type of machine learning is known as reinforcement learning,
which is used to train algorithms that learn based on taking
certain actions and receiving rewards for those actions.
The applications of reinforcement learning includes self-driving cars and
game-playing agents like the recent agent that beat experts at the game of Go.
This map gives a nice overview of the prominent areas of machine learning in use today.